3-1 - In the 5th room instead of going up the ladder drop down one of the holes, you will then see two 
blocks to the left, break them to reveal a door, go through the next room and get to the other door, it 
will drop you off right next to the Button. - Arena

3-6 - In the 5th room break the blocks inside the tower on the right just a bit up in the room to reveal 
a door. Once inside the next room break the bomb block and fly up to avoid the wall it will create, go 
through the door to be in the room with the Button. - Egg Catcher

4-1 - In the 4th room you will find at the end of it a bunch of blocks going every other one, except one 
where it is next to the blocks above and below, break that block and press up where it use to be to go 
inside a hidden door to the Buttons room. - Crane Fever

4-3 - In the 2nd room go pass the normal exit and go to the end of the room where the screen stops, if 
you go down to the bottom you will find one of the ships with a door with no floor, go in and you will 
find the Button. - Museum

4-6 - In the 3rd room get the Light ability and use it to light up the room, then go backwards and you 
will find a door you passed by, go inside and you will be in the room with the Button. - Warp Star

5-1 - In the 2nd room once you reach the bottom break the blocks below you and go down further, you will 
notice that at the top there is a pattern of block, no block on top, except one has two blocks, break the 
blocks below the two blocks to reveal the door, head inside to find the Button. - Crane Fever

5-4 - In the 3rd room you will come across a waterfall with what appears to be a door behind it if you 
press up while over it you will go in, in this room go through the first door on the right (below the 
Max Tomato) and you will be in the button room. - Arena

5-5 - In the 1st room if you stay close to the bottom of the screen you will come to a door not to far 
from where you start. Once inside the next room you will see a cannon, get the StarMan and take his 
Hi-Jump Ability and use it to break the blocks then eat the Fire Dude? to get the Fire Ability use it to 
light the fuse and then get in the cannon before it shoots, it will send you to the room with the Button.
-Quick Draw

5-6 - Get the Hammer Ability in a different level, then make it to the 3rd room with it you will find a door about half way through 
go in it, you will see an area contained by some blocks, the top blocks can be destroyed with the Hammer 
ability, and the remaining blocks hide a door that leads to right next to the Button.
 - Warp Star

6-1 -Get the Hammer Ability in a different level, then make it to room 2 with it and go in the first door 
you see, you will be in a room with a Max Tomato, a 1-Up and a door below you, the white block in front of 
the door can be broken with a Hammer, the room on the other side of the door is the room with the 
Button. - Museum

6-2 - In the 1st room you will come to a part where you have to hit a bomb block to open the path forward 
and a Pep Brew will drop into a pit, where that Pep Brew is initially is actually a door, go through 
it and do not move, a Rocky will fall eat him and get the Stone ability, then make it to the 2nd room, 
about half way through you will come to a door go in it, you will be in a room with a stake, use stone to 
pound it in, the door leads to the Button room. - Arena

6-3 - In the 2nd room beat Bonkers and take the Hammer ability go up the ladder, to the left is a crate 
that can only be broke with the Hammer ability, at the bottom of the room you will find a bomb block, 
break it and then press on where it use to be, as it is actually a door. Then go to the room guarded by 
the Sword Knight, eat the Laser Ball and get the Laser ability, leave the room and this time go to the 
door on the left. In this room use the laser ability to hit the right corner and light the fuse to the 
cannon, quickly get it, if you fail just leave the room and come back. The cannon will send you to the 
room with the Button. - Crane Fever

6-4 - In the 2nd room before you start going back up on the right of the room you may notice a out of 
place water background near the bottom in a small space, it is actually a door and leads right to the 
Button room. - Egg Catcher

6-5 - In room 4 get the Fire ability, then go up the hill and hit the bomb block, but don't go down, 
continue up the hill and hit the 2nd bomb block, go back to the path the first revealed and go down. 
Light the fuse and quickly fly back up and go over the next hill (it is best to jump/fly) then go down 
the 2nd hole to the cannon, it will shoot you to the room with the Button.
- Quick Draw

6-6 - Get the FireBall ability from a different level (6-3 has it in the 1st room), in the 1st room go to 
the end of the room and go down and then left you will come to a door blocked by some blue blocks, they 
can be broken only with FireBall (not with Fire!) the door leads right to the room with the Button.
- Warp Star

7-1 - In the 2nd room you will come to the part where the Flamer is above you and a Waddle Doo below 
you but out of reach, the blocks are fake and there is a path to the Waddle Doo, use it and get the Beam 
ability, then go forward until you are at the end of the room you will see 3 Waddle Dees above you get 
rid of them and use the beam on the blue blocks above to break them, it will make a path to the 2nd door 
but the last blocks will not break with Beam, go back and get the Fire Ball ability use it to break the 
last 2 blocks and give you access to the door, it leads you right to the Button room. - Crane Fever

7-6 - In the Last room (the one that takes you into the sky) fly past the exit and up to the moon and 
press up on it, it is actually a door, it will drop you down into a room with the Button a 1-Up and a 
Max Tomato. - Warp Star




